Make Kotlin-DSL precompiled scripts support strict by default (#21771)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_7.adoc

To ignore directories in Gradle 8.0 and later, the input property needs to be explicitly annotated with `@IgnoreEmptyDirectories`.
For more information see <<empty_directories_file_tree>>.

[[strict-kotlin-dsl-precompiled-scripts-accessors-by-default]]

> === Strict Kotlin DSL precompiled script plugins accessors generation by default
> 
> Type safe Kotlin DSL accessors generation for precompiled script plugins now does fail the build by default if a plugin requested in such precompiled scripts fails to be applied.
> 
> The `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.precompiled.accessors.strict` system property is now deprecated and its usage should be removed. You can find more information <<upgrading_version_7.adoc#strict-kotlin-dsl-precompiled-scripts-accessors, below>> about the introduction of this system property in Gradle 7.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Precompiled script plugins use strict Kotlin DSL accessor generation by default

In precompiled script plugins, type safe Kotlin DSL accessor generation now fails the build if a plugin fails to apply.

Starting in Gradle 7.6, builds could enable this behavior with the `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.precompiled.accessors.strict` system property. This behavior is now default. The property has been deprecated and its usage should be removed. You can find more information about this property <<upgrading_version_7.adoc#strict-kotlin-dsl-precompiled-scripts-accessors, below>>.
```

Suggestion: simplify some sentences and the section title to make it easier to understand what this feature is and in which situations it applies.

Author: Thank you Nate!
